DOCS-124: Update Services/Rsync text (#1682)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/services.rst

Configure Rsyncd
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To make adjustments to the

Reviewer: This should really be more abstract, like it was. In other words, changing the service settings aren't necessarily limited to what's in rsyncd.conf, it could also change the database or other configuration files which are (and should be) opaque to the user.

   +----------------------+-----------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | Setting              | Value     | Description                                                            |
   +======================+===========+========================================================================+

>    | TCP Port             | integer   | :command:`rsyncd` listens on this port. The default is *873*.          |

Reviewer: Nice!

   +------------------------+-------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | Setting                | Value             | Description                                                              |
   +========================+===================+==========================================================================+

>    | Name                   | string            | This **must** match the settings on the rsync client.                    |

Reviewer: Improved, but still not clear how a name can match the settings on the client.  Which settings?  Is this a username?

   +------------------------+-------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | Comment                | string            | Describe this module.                                                    |
   +------------------------+-------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | Path                   | file browser      | Browse to the pool or dataset to store received data.                    |
   +------------------------+-------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | Access Mode            | drop-down menu    | Choose permissions for this rsync module.                                |
   +------------------------+-------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

>    | Maximum connections    | integer           | Enter the number of maximum connections to this module. *0* is           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | Maximum connections    | integer           | Maximum connections to this module. *0* is           |
```

   |                        |                   | unlimited.                                                               |
   +------------------------+-------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

>    | User                   | drop-down menu    | Select the user to conduct file transfers to and from this module.       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | User                   | drop-down menu    | User to run as during file transfers to and from this module.       |
```

   +------------------------+-------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

>    | Group                  | drop-down menu    | Select the group to conduct file transfers to and from this module.      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | Group                  | drop-down menu    | Group to run as during file transfers to and from this module.      |
```

   +------------------------+-------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | Hosts Allow            | string            | From `rsyncd.conf(5)                                                     |

>    |                        |                   | <https://www.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?query=rsyncd.conf>`__. Enter a list |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   |                        |                   | <https://www.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?query=rsyncd.conf>`__. A list |
```

   |                        |                   | of patterns to match with the hostname and IP address of a connecting    |
   |                        |                   | client. The connection is rejected if no patterns match. Separate        |
   |                        |                   | patterns with whitespace or a comma.                                     |
   +------------------------+-------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | Hosts Deny             | string            | From `rsyncd.conf(5)                                                     |

>    |                        |                   | <https://www.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?query=rsyncd.conf>`__. Enter a list |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   |                        |                   | <https://www.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?query=rsyncd.conf>`__. A list |
```
